 So in situations where somebody has been annoying me, I really try to make an effort to be aware of what's going on and try to figure out why I'm feeling annoyed. Is it something where it's that someone's done something that is provoking, like touching on my insecurity? A lot of times that's it, whether it's something whether undermining my decision or my knowledge, or if I feel, usually if I feel some type of insecurity in some way or it's making, you know, giving me a feeling of inadequacy or being an imposter like that, those are my strongest reactions. So I try to really be aware of that and not be as reactive to it when I feel annoyed. And in other situations where I can feel like, or identify that it is not something like that, and it is valid. Yeah. I still try to minimize my outward indicators that I am annoyed because I don't think that most of the time that's not really helpful. Because like I said in my previous question, I feel like it's important to be able to navigate our, you know, kind of inflammatory situations in terms of interpersonal communication. It's important to navigate that with grace. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important. And I think that's really important.